good evening and welcome to another:calm
night of Dungeons & Dragons with LAN:calm
party in the last chapter of the story:calm
bran managed to find his son who has now:calm
been purchased by wealthy farmers and:calm
landowners in this next section of the:calm
campaign they will try to inch closer to:calm
the mystery of the whereabouts of brands:calm
wife and the mystery of what in the darn:calm
heck these darn civilized societies are:calm
trying to do with their dang land see:calm
what happens:suspense
it's starting to hit midnight so all who:suspense
knows what kind of untold Horrors might:suspense
be beset upon right now so because I:suspense
mind let's move up to this uh smoovies:suspense
bridge that's the calmest way to say my:suspense
wife is probably being murdered right:suspense
now may we please go in like continue:suspense
our twists unkilled words until the:suspense
horrors are happening to her I'm gonna:suspense
stealth up to this point right here:suspense
alright crawling and then I'm gonna peek:suspense
up right about here I'm gonna look:suspense
around this area uh currently you don't:suspense
listen you don't really see exactly what:suspense
this guy is up to from that line of:suspense
sight okay because it's higher:suspense
undisclosed reasons um and what you see:suspense
is on the other side of the river here:suspense
you see the merchant and this soldier:suspense
getting all buddy-buddy and you see a:suspense
slave basically just doing a menial task:suspense
of like restocking boxes:suspense
what's up of this guy's this kind of God:suspense
there's a guy on top of these ruins:suspense
holding the lantern and he is just kind:suspense
of casually peering out into the:suspense
darkness he's kind of standing watch for:suspense
the training posts for the event and:suspense
then there's a guard over there there's:suspense
guard in front of the tent the tavern:suspense
you jump the river and you kill this guy:suspense
I also I've got invisibility potion so I:suspense
can get myself over there no problem:suspense
let's go across the bridge what is your:suspense
jump spell do it gives you three times:suspense
in jump distance three times mine joke:suspense
mom oh I would take that spell and I:suspense
will do exactly what you just say:suspense
because that plan sounds great:suspense
and the tavern door opens up tumbles:suspense
outside all drunk he's a good you know:suspense
good good be and do yeah and he just:suspense
goes over here how long is my:suspense
invisibility potion lasts up to one hour:suspense
a creature you touch becomes invisible:suspense
until the spell ends anything the target:suspense
is wearing or carrying it's invisible as:suspense
long as it is on your person how broken:suspense
the spell ends for a target that attacks:suspense
or casts a spell:suspense
once you attack or cast a spell you lose:suspense
it so I'm pretty much I'm gonna go:suspense
across that bridge and I'm gonna scout:suspense
out the exact location of every single:suspense
person that's on the outside of that:suspense
place okay:suspense
I have poison he's drinking he's:suspense
drinking I got five poisons tell me to:suspense
go over there now I'll go just like drop:suspense
man listen to the video you're invisible:suspense
we get simultaneously kill the people in:suspense
the bar and outside the same time door:suspense
is open right I could go in there and I:suspense
can put it everybody knows right now I:suspense
give you all my straight down:suspense
figure it out yep here's my poisons go:suspense
doors open yeah done you go I'm gonna:suspense
need you to put them magic hands on me:suspense
give me that give me that long jump:suspense
ability all right last for 1 minute so:suspense
we go 1 minute 1 minute:suspense
d before you could leave I'm gonna touch:suspense
you you jump you got it ok just see like:suspense
patting on the back as I'm running out:suspense
okay let's all right I'm gonna I'm gonna:suspense
make my jump and then when I jump I'm:suspense
immediately lay down and have my cloak:suspense
or tomato still shelf okay I'm gonna do:suspense
my jump got it all day you got this deep:suspense
just roll it this roll Biggs uh 16 you:suspense
there's other side fucking Sam Fisher:suspense
nice okay shirt I start a.m. pitcher Sam:suspense
start crawling slowly all right you're:suspense
good I'm gonna grab I'm grabbing knee:suspense
goes up poison yet you got I'm carefully:suspense
not gonna be chugging the poison when we:suspense
chug in my visibility potion looks good:suspense
our supply I doubt it:suspense
okay you gotta see many more yes I'm:suspense
just gonna go right up over this bridge:suspense
quietly gonna quietly go over the ridge:suspense
and you get to the top just put yourself:suspense
on the top and I'll explain an image for:suspense
you what you see is you see this guy's:suspense
this drunk guys penis yeah she and you:suspense
see a drunk man's penis and he's peeing:suspense
into a river you also see this sleeping:suspense
drunk guy on the side of the bridge and:suspense
he looks like kind of looks like a:suspense
transient a homeless man actually he's:suspense
just kind of there passed out are they:suspense
armed on the side of the bridge neither:suspense
of them are armed:suspense
I'm just moved here where I can observe:suspense
everything I knew I can see it most of:suspense
everything except those guys:suspense
I'll do so stealthily so that this guy:suspense
doesn't see me up here 18 it's got an 18:suspense
great and now I'm going to pass the turn:suspense
to interview all right Darien slip up up:suspense
here walk up here:suspense
and that's where your turn is going in:suspense
because I'm gonna ship to Brandon so:suspense
okay:suspense
Brant is on top of the bridge carefully:suspense
get into position out here full:suspense
invisibility staying at least 20 yards:suspense
away from everybody as it does go around:suspense
all right basically you take a peek into:suspense
the tavern you quickly get a glance that:suspense
there is a man with a great axe at his:suspense
side however he is drinking excellent:suspense
and you also see pretty much first off:suspense
there's no one who's in the tavern who:suspense
is not drinking frankly in fact you hear:suspense
this sound he's like oh well I think:suspense
it's about time his ships getting late I:suspense
don't I don't think he wouldn't:suspense
appreciate one and you see the gun guard:suspense
like lift of ale from the counter and he:suspense
walks outside:suspense
he says Jefferson and he's like oh yes:suspense
it's like anything of you tonight done:suspense
and the shift he's like now just another:suspense
quiet night it's like oh well Jefferson:suspense
this one's on me:suspense
any handsome a frothy cup of ale Isaac:suspense
oh well you know I I don't think I:suspense
should drink on the job:suspense
mmm-hmm have you ever seen anything out:suspense
here I've never except for those damned:suspense
savages sometimes but we'll kill them:suspense
all eventually he goes inside excellent:suspense
so Jefferson sits there any Ponder's is:suspense
ale he's like:suspense
he just puts it down he doesn't he's not:suspense
sure about this drink like I'm gonna use:suspense
my perception to see whether or not I:suspense
believe she's actually gonna take:suspense
another sip of this drink okay and I:suspense
roll a 17 once the other soldier walked:suspense
away he's trying to like he's drunk he's:suspense
drunk already and he was just trying to:suspense
like pretend like he's like totally:suspense
sober on the job well find out drunks:suspense
they always go for more sips so I'm:suspense
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna use my first:suspense
dose of poison in his drink right now:suspense
machine to big reveal all right:suspense
stealth check right now stealth check:suspense
boom you get out as a nice bonus to you:suspense
double you did it one of you always is:suspense
done so you slip it poison his drink:suspense
first order business here I'm going to:suspense
I'm going to slip into the bar here and:suspense
yeah all right and that's as far as you:suspense
get you inside the bar there's a drunk:suspense
guy passed out kind of like laughing on:suspense
sin that pass that he's like laughing on:suspense
the floor and all these other people:suspense
I'll take no key:suspense
Nokia's up now he's gets a little chance:suspense
all right I'm sending a creep along the:suspense
wall lie down so I'm more less honest:suspense
I'm scared get to here go prone and just:suspense
crawl shimmy up this Ridge lying down:suspense
whoo I'm lying up here great trying to:suspense
be stealthy rolling a spellcheck eight:suspense
cool this guy um he walks by and he says:suspense
to me backwards his eyes are closed okay:suspense
his eyes are closed and he's just coming:suspense
to himself he said and I said it I'm:suspense
just watching now anyway so we're going:suspense
back to durian okay Gary it was over:suspense
here I'm gonna look on the ground and:suspense
I'm gonna pick up a rock on the rubble:suspense
you got a rock cool I'm gonna take a:suspense
pretty good sized rock and I'm gonna:suspense
chuck it over here so I make a splash in:suspense
the water okay okay I tried to distract:suspense
these guys just do a ranged arranged:suspense
attack and be 210:suspense
get it okay:suspense
yeah yeah I got it a giant rocks flash:suspense
you see the the lantern light of top:suspense
shift kind of towards the river it's:suspense
like just the fish are up tonight all:suspense
right yeah oh man I wonder if actually:suspense
going on fishing today instead I'm gonna:suspense
jump up to here and I'm gonna grab it:suspense
that's what the guys have tips yeah go:suspense
they jump you grab it yeah I'm gonna go:suspense
myself with it:suspense
yep you can straight up do that and then:suspense
I'm gonna slowly come up right here I'm:suspense
a good on it's tell check I'm getting:suspense
some shadow of mordor vibes up here:suspense
stuff slow-mo stealth roll 21 all right:suspense
so what happens is you jump up there we:suspense
hit the ground and they're reflected and:suspense
the guy goes it turns back okay he got a:suspense
20:suspense
he rolled an 18 but was the total twenty:suspense
twenty-one you're up there completely:suspense
totally fine brand I'm gonna take us:suspense
take a quick second since I'm visible:suspense
inside this bar to look around:suspense
perception see if anything out of the:suspense
ordinary is going on anything that would:suspense
throw me off a little snippet of:suspense
conversation here none of the crew is:suspense
late tonight thought they'd be here by:suspense
now interesting filing that little:suspense
information right away I don't have to:suspense
hurry so I'm gonna slip over to the Cask:suspense
the most popular hobbies you know:suspense
Cassidy wandering from yeah do a double:suspense
dose of poison into that sucker got sure:suspense
that everybody gets hit by well you:suspense
managed to successfully move all the way:suspense
over to this cast:suspense
you are completely invisible no one is:suspense
manning the bar right now it's a:suspense
self-serve night and um you guys are:suspense
yeah you managed to do a double dose all:suspense
right and if I still have a turn left:suspense
I'm heading out of there now I'm I'm:suspense
heading back out of front pair all right:suspense
combat oh and back to no key sir no key:suspense
no he's just milking on let's go bro I:suspense
give you a quick status update on these:suspense
fellas out here and:suspense
yard this guy goes back inside and he:suspense
just like barely misses our friend Grenn:suspense
and this dude sitting there I just want:suspense
that guy's got his drink next to him:suspense
still you know even rod even all right:suspense
that means he can't resist even that:suspense
means he can't resist he reaches down to:suspense
his side grabs the glasses of poison and:suspense
he zips it personally drinks yeah which:suspense
one did you put in there Nico dick give:suspense
me a name breathe whose repay Green:suspense
penguin of glass number one now da plus:suspense
four damage to Constitution hmm A plus:suspense
four equals the guy suddenly just grabs:suspense
his gun and go ah it tries to scream he:suspense
dealt these literally you just felt him:suspense
toll points a Constitution damage he's:suspense
dead:suspense
he's just straight-up just like all his:suspense
hit points literally just dead gone he's:suspense
out literally bang man that classic:suspense
green bang yeah don't mess with the:suspense
green like it was silent it was just:suspense
like dead okay:suspense
I am still prone this guy still sleeping:suspense
yep reception and if you want me to it's:suspense
about my scimitar so these guys alright:suspense
I just I'd like to ready an attack okay:suspense
go for it my character just readies this:suspense
alright the more ever that when I'm:suspense
always you to express any other thought:suspense
action anything it's no longer ready:suspense
next current is your turn:suspense
Darren go I'm up here with this guy and:suspense
I'm going to draw my bow and ready it:suspense
since I have a surprise can I get a:suspense
advantage when you're saying this yeah:agitated
advantage right now boom okay I'm gonna:agitated
use my sharpshooter ability and take:agitated
minus 5 my roll to the next 10 damage:agitated
done okay:agitated
so I'm going to take minus 5 on this 613:agitated
uh you miss yeah I miss God dang it I:agitated
should have shot so go yeah I'm 5 feet:agitated
away regard turns around and looks at:agitated
you oh man ah screwed it all because he:agitated
try to use just so hard but super power:agitated
ah everyone Rowland issue I'm sorry I:agitated
take my moves:agitated
I had it ready sure go for it he's just:agitated
thinking about it yeah he said he's the:agitated
arrow miss completely be like anyways I:agitated
did a 9 for hijacker hole on this dude:agitated
lying in the ground this yeah we suck:agitated
little word we had such a good plan:agitated
until doing play it's falling apart so:agitated
quickly:agitated
alright roll initiative against a coyote:agitated
okay everyone just rollin achieved in:agitated
general Darien shoots an arrow goes past:agitated
the guys like look straight at he was:agitated
like whoa cool digs his guitar thing out:agitated
he takes his sword and he looks at he:agitated
always like and he immediately starts to:agitated
swing it at you he takes his sword and:agitated
swings at you does a 14 hit no 14 hit:agitated
doesn't hit he misses there's somebody:agitated
here there's so ready and the next turn:agitated
is your turn:agitated
brand:agitated
I'm still visible so I'm gonna boogie:agitated
right up to this guy as you're running:agitated
up to there by them you kind of see them:agitated
kind of look:agitated
what do you mean this someone out there:agitated
doesn't make any suits your Europa um:agitated
they're like really confused like what:agitated
do you mean I'm use my charger ability:agitated
to get the festival US v damage bonus:agitated
I'm an attack like that right now:agitated
poof all right so I'm blowing my:agitated
invisibility to do it alright so be it:agitated
so 21 hit and damaged:agitated
kill instantly Mergent dead sliced to:agitated
pieces explodes drink flies out splashes:agitated
on the boxes you come into existence in:agitated
the guard just is jaw drop:agitated
seeing this guy literally get cut in:agitated
half and a guy appears out of nowhere:agitated
with his giant sword hanging into the:agitated
merchant not the garden I got there both:agitated
guards use the guy who sold you your:agitated
scale mail via video well that's the guy:agitated
named something's gonna give me - heck:agitated
yes then guys like a guttural yell as I:agitated
do it I say I say incredulous loose and:agitated
then the guards like I never was such a:agitated
award that day yeah:agitated
oh that's cuz I misuse one where Johan:agitated
smarter darius darius - i'm gonna use:agitated
like reaction got my bow i'm gonna draw:agitated
my swords mmm and then I'm gonna swing:agitated
don't swing at the sky these fish that:agitated
fast:agitated
you can drop us free and then you can:agitated
use your simple action to draw a weapon:agitated
I'm gonna roll the hidden 14 miss is go:agitated
they go like off his armor okay my turn:agitated
one two three discus walkway so from:agitated
this range:agitated
I cast hold on this guy cool cast it:agitated
with what we save him against 14 using:agitated
his wisdom:agitated
he's held it's cool so that works he is:agitated
successfully held and he's no longer:agitated
able to move now is the end of all your:agitated
guys turns back to NPCs turn and Brendan:agitated
uh remind me what that little note was:agitated
that God I wasn't will tell you guys:agitated
since since chaos broke up but said ant:agitated
the crew is late tonight thought they'd:agitated
be here by now and what you hear is you:agitated
hear the sound of small trotting:agitated
carriage and the carriage like rolls up:agitated
and comes to a stop and immediately to:agitated
do is hop out and these are not your:agitated
average Jews they're not your average:agitated
lowly peasants lowly guards they were:agitated
kind of epic and they stand around:agitated
looking at this magnificent battle:agitated
that's in front of them and their little:agitated
confused and not sure who's on whose:agitated
side it's nighttime but all you know is:agitated
that one of them draws a bastard sword:agitated
it's a very large sword and he's got a:agitated
gold golden armor and a blue flowing:agitated
cape desert losing his heart of those:agitated
group of people that attacked your:agitated
village he is certainly associated with:agitated
them and he's looking around trying to:agitated
figure out what is causing all this:agitated
chaos the only thing he can't see one:agitated
barbarian about to slice down the frozen:agitated
garden:agitated
the other wrapped in cloaks no comment:agitated
the only thing that happens is the guy:agitated
up there is like he tries to swing at:agitated
you again he's thinks he can deal with:agitated
you before everything else happens and:agitated
O's a7 it no all right nothing happens:agitated
he's whipping it he backs up to the edge:agitated
in fear and draws an opportunity attack:agitated
alert:agitated
okay he's like everyone's whipping it:agitated
each other but you're pretty pretty for:agitated
Mom your armor is I still have it you:agitated
whiffed it - everyone's wearing it up:agitated
Danis this is okay it's like a real:agitated
fight it's a that goes back to Branson:agitated
alright well this guy's being held by:agitated
Nico I'm just gonna straight-up execute:agitated
so I'm going to swing:agitated
16 her I mean 20 20 hit I'm yeah and I:agitated
do the damage to him oh man he's just:agitated
like cut him and the armor just falls:agitated
off and he's just barely standing like:agitated
he's like he's not looking very good:agitated
back here trying to okay what I'm gonna:agitated
do is I'm gonna run up to this guy and:agitated
I'm going to show you put them in the:agitated
chest off off the edge of the:agitated
strength check 21 did it I'm gonna run:agitated
boom-boom-boom off the edge just does he:agitated
break through that boxer bounce off of:agitated
it yeah little sis he breaks it uh he:agitated
don't I dealt him he got so much damage:agitated
that he breaks locks food he's dead he's:agitated
dead:agitated
he's over his life is over it's a good:agitated
that was a good way to kill him okay all:agitated
right you get a good vantage point:agitated
you're up there - yep it's perfect ah I:agitated
know I'm gonna I'm gonna then take a:agitated
step back pick up my bow that I had on:agitated
the ground and then my turn so cool and:agitated
no gates your turn I'm all and guide:agitated
draws their attention:agitated
really I mean steady got Oh Sanson girl:agitated
that's when I step out we're back:agitated
greetings I think we need to talk it's:agitated
perfect because it's their turn they get:agitated
to respond it's like one of the savages:agitated
from the hills:agitated
it says the guy in gold he's got a very:agitated
deep voice he's got long flowy hair he:agitated
looks very regal he looks like a paladin:agitated
kind of difficult looking paladin if you:agitated
know what I mean like level wise not:agitated
intimidating a little bit in fact and he:agitated
looks directly to your character nieces:agitated
a lowly savage from the hills and he:agitated
rolls a to intimidation Shack and he's:agitated
he's like a seventh from the hills and:agitated
doesn't faze you at all and then his:agitated
cleric friend speaks up I knew that they:agitated
would be coming down at some point after:agitated
families he's actually spent his round:agitated
saying a little bit more than just words:agitated
he's going to say that and he's also:agitated
going to include in it a spell and:agitated
suddenly just whirls happen around him:agitated
and what you see is you see what looks:agitated
like to be demons hugging him they're:agitated
like orbiting around him swooping around:agitated
him like ghosts seem to be kind of:agitated
making what looks to be like a:agitated
supernatural barrier around him all:agitated
right so gold shield hey guess what you:agitated
can roll to see what it's actually:agitated
called MA and what about it hey don't:agitated
forget about that five-plus magic if I:agitated
listen out sorry I'm do you know he's:agitated
sorry not smart feels like that's Mookie:agitated
yeah it's a person I already seen it I'm:agitated
know any magic oh I'm gonna try I'm:agitated
gonna look look real hard 15 yeah it's:agitated
called spirit Guardians basically anyone:agitated
who enters targets anyone who enters the:agitated
city:agitated
anyone who enters that aura of spirit:agitated
Guardians has the risk of taking damage:agitated
however the spell can be broken if you:agitated
break his concentration ah:agitated
we're going back to bran okay so this:agitated
guy when I last hit him I hit him for a:agitated
munch damage but he's still alive barely:agitated
I think we hold person is a coup de Gras:agitated
so frankly as a DM mistake I'll let you:agitated
film as if reactions dead yeah holding:agitated
you push them over and let the body:agitated
parts split on the day I'm just gonna:agitated
well I'm not just gonna push him over:agitated
I'm gonna grab you know into the whole:agitated
of me with my sword and just kind of rip:agitated
I guess that's a day mr. killin yeah I'm:agitated
dropping the sword grabbing a javelin:agitated
I've got four of them and I'm gonna:agitated
throw it right at the cleric hey Dex:agitated
throw so you get plus four new role so:agitated
it's not you know 9 yeah no no damn it:agitated
it's your turn I am going to step right:agitated
here at the edge and I'm going to aim:agitated
down and we're going to shoot an arrow:agitated
right at the magical guy he's doing:agitated
magic stones like this and like hawks:agitated
trading and my shooting oh right in the:agitated
top of his head or at least trying to:agitated
does a 22 hit:agitated
yup okay:agitated
nine damage to him all right he's gonna:agitated
roll against that to break concentration:agitated
not broken next it is no key sir cast:agitated
spider calm I climb up at the end all:agitated
right you're on the blade and so the:agitated
next turn is pretty crazy:agitated
so the Paladin he takes a moment and:agitated
focuses and his hands glow and he looks:agitated
to you he looks to youth he looks to you:agitated
and he cast a spell everyone has to make:agitated
Christmas saving throws everybody right:agitated
now is missing Wow would have salad in:agitated
real fine yeah real the same day:agitated
watching regular we both get 13 you both:agitated
have 13 and 17 sorry for D and Brandon:agitated
and this is a spell called vein that:agitated
basically affects all your roles this is:agitated
basically D you get minus one to attack:agitated
roles and saving throws for as long as:agitated
he's concentrating and Brandon you get -:agitated
two - two attack roles and saving post:agitated
as long as he's concentrating on:agitated
and you can run up and try and take you:agitated
out and now it's the clerics turn and:agitated
he's got these spirit Guardians floating:agitated
around and stuff like that and what he:agitated
does he looks to Darien up top and cast:agitated
a different spell:agitated
it's called guiding poles and what you:agitated
see is a flash of light streaks toward:agitated
Darien he's making rain spell attack:agitated
against you dis affiliate you know:agitated
basically what looks almost like a beam:agitated
of light like a laser just goes it:agitated
explodes the rocks behind you and:agitated
totally good back to branch turn okay:agitated
well first Orbison grab my sword off the:agitated
ground can I beg I kind of back up five:agitated
and then charge yep:agitated
okay I'm gonna back up back up one step:agitated
there and then charge and attack the:agitated
Paladin head-on leave them all over the:agitated
cleric for deep it is a 16 minus 2 is 14:agitated
plus 6 is 20 20 hit 16 minutes 16 Dan:agitated
Wow:agitated
double sixes for important this guy's:agitated
bulked up in full plate armor he is:agitated
literally a metal shell aside this long:agitated
long flowing hair and just it balances:agitated
off and he's like dude it wasn't hit a:agitated
solid hit okay yes please you know we:agitated
think the solidus hit I have everything:agitated
I got guys how is everything I got I'm:agitated
gonna shoot my arrow at the pallet:agitated
attack how many hit points to you would:agitated
you think this guy has 22 hit okay 32 of:agitated
these is already hurt:agitated
nine points of damage to nine points of:agitated
damage succeeds on the concentration:agitated
check and now it is a key it some time:agitated
guys:agitated
I think back to earlier in the day a:agitated
long long time ago it seems my hands:agitated
were still clean when I planted those:agitated
seeds I got inspired and it's my time to:agitated
use it:agitated
so I pod like pulling the memory from my:agitated
mind you were so black and white:agitated
flashback to right now it's ridiculous:agitated
yeah yeah I mean like two episodes again:agitated
I'll be like are even very good:agitated
a little bit at this two episodes back:agitated
anyways I'm gonna cast old person on the:agitated
Paladin inspiration:agitated
alright Sam DC save of will 14 was:agitated
advantage Constitution for abilities was:agitated
to listen wisdom got it alright 14:agitated
disadvantage for 1918 no I mean no joke:agitated
the paladin takes his bastard sword and:agitated
waves it into the air he's like Oh:agitated
Quinton Shia end of my civilization oh:agitated
she she swings his sword down on you:agitated
does a nineteen hit you:agitated
uh yeah I believe so right cool he:agitated
damaged he slide to do a damage son at:agitated
twenty-five back to the action so the:agitated
cleric he warms up his hands Darien:agitated
tries to strike into the rain pack those:agitated
goodies won't hit loads off the wall:agitated
next few it did knocks on a whole new:agitated
window right here yeah full exactly:agitated
programs imma go right there he turns to:agitated
the holy one and then for the next part:agitated
of the attack what he does is then he:agitated
simply just walked four grand homely and:agitated
these swirling evil spirit Guardians:agitated
start whipping around so quickly in it:agitated
gets kind of nuts wisdom saving throw:agitated
using the hallways been saving for three:agitated
Oh:agitated
nine I'm very sorry these evil spirits:agitated
are swirling around for you and you are:agitated
dealt 3d8 necrotic damage Wow 18 points:agitated
of damage 18 but there's all right I'm:agitated
at seven:agitated
yeah all surgeons and it goes back to:agitated
brain that's rough you have to get away:agitated
because they're gonna kill you next turn:agitated
if they get another chance so you can:agitated
use your action to disengage from them:agitated
which means that they won't be able to:agitated
get an opportunity attack but you won't:agitated
be able to attack them this is looking:agitated
pretty dire for you you only have seven:agitated
health left like I don't feel like I'm:agitated
the type that would ever:agitated
back away I can probably single-handed:agitated
do more damage mister than both you guys:agitated
would buy balls on tech right you're:agitated
gonna raising the tax I'm raising:agitated
attacking yeah you don't do any range:agitated
you can plus TV your damage and you get:agitated
an attack twice and what's reckless:agitated
attack you want to wreck this York okay:agitated
looking back actually I'm right now:agitated
Rajon right no do it do it I definitely:agitated
rage Oracle attack I'm doing one to eat:agitated
music player so 16 you hit the cleric:agitated
whole damage book on the player okay so:agitated
clerk gets:agitated
plus it is 1315 damage 15 damage is to:agitated
beat about 15 on this roll here old 17:agitated
so he's not you do not break his:agitated
concentration but Delta 15 damage he is:agitated
very very hurt:agitated
now palden time so he gets a is point to:agitated
its hit to the tip and that's six level:agitated
12 loses concentration spell breaks you:agitated
both have fold that's no more:agitated
disadvantage nice to plant is so 12:agitated
damage okay nicely done:agitated
your turn I'm gonna shoot at the cleric:agitated
and hopefully hit 20 my wall:agitated
when he hits okay he's already here to:agitated
roll an extra key 817 whoa food:agitated
these guys disappear flags dead um so I:agitated
ever time mangos been standing on the:agitated
house you go man adjust it on the side:agitated
five boys back down Meadows Melanie 25:agitated
yeah I produced fire my hands and just:agitated
throw it Adam but you just walk just:agitated
facing the whole fire yes I can't go any:agitated
further I can only go walking speed when:agitated
I throw fire Adam:agitated
it's a I roll of 13 plus 6 is 19 does he:agitated
dodged 19 nope:agitated
all right well uh it does what was fun:agitated
embracing yeah three points a day just:agitated
yeah it's just he's already burning look:agitated
at his hair starts oh yeah like my my:agitated
yeah my golden hair like when he's:agitated
quivering he's unsure what to do now and:agitated
he's like oh I'll never back down from:agitated
the saboteurs we're righteous oh honey:agitated
tries to hit you there's a 19m yes oh:agitated
you only get four points BAM can fit fit:agitated
okay what's the slaves doing Oh down to:agitated
three:agitated
he's like suitable we still are made to:agitated
find out by like in the in this poison:agitated
isn't working it's magic:agitated
oh and people everywhere like brands:agitated
turn smartest thing to do probably back:agitated
off but I'm not the smartest thing:agitated
smartest guys so and I am feeling pretty:agitated
confident there's one worst part so:agitated
close your range plus I'm enraged so it:agitated
just doesn't seem my gun run away at:agitated
this point you can do a t20 full:agitated
critical head you get a critical hit you:agitated
roll double dot:agitated
bullets right here we come here comes:agitated
here comes a fish and blow guys a sword:agitated
now and it hits 4 6 10 11 14 + 4 18:agitated
damage an enraged so 20 damage:agitated
his bloody walk charges like whipping:agitated
around like a little helicopter and:agitated
stuff oh really nice work:agitated
I almost died somebody loves my god I'm:agitated
really curious like I'm super curious:agitated
like all those roots I was really:agitated
looking forward to actually giving use:agitated
them on somebody so I'm just going to go:agitated
in here and open the door and see what:agitated
happened everyone has been drinking:agitated
during this battle drunk out of the:agitated
minds not paying attention to what's:agitated
going on outside and they are all dead:agitated
except for the garden:agitated
it was paralyzed with fear he Sprint's:agitated
out the door and tries to he's just like:agitated
running into the woods dangit reaming:agitated
he's screaming for his life fear I'm:agitated
gonna shoot on him that's right:agitated
he's dead at this bar I am running after:agitated
him I'm not just gonna stand there okay:agitated
and I seen it go rushing running it was:agitated
almost an 18 uh 11 ah that's a hit yeah:agitated
6 and it's in the back and Steve still:agitated
keeps going I like to keep running I:agitated
like to try to catch up to him as hard:agitated
as I can:agitated
no I take it back before I move I turn:agitated
into a dog I don't run as fast as I can:agitated
Oh judging our speed differences you'd:agitated
be able to catch up to him around here:agitated
okay give me with what right bite him in:agitated
the tokus I really won let me feel you:agitated
you bite your tongue and deal roll:agitated
damage half dogs don't bite their:agitated
tongues everybody knows that for our you:agitated
don't feel to damage to yourself okay Oh:agitated
then you better end it Nikko we killed:agitated
every guy here you bet I'll kill that:agitated
one guy I got one bonus guy I'm saving:agitated
for after the time like I said I didn't:agitated
count well I'm gonna run in front of:agitated
them and transform into a human being:agitated
and kind of cut him with my scimitar all:agitated
right yeah you can eat and gain enough:agitated
here come here so I run around in front:agitated
as a dog and somebody come out of it as:agitated
a human into swing at him loser dude as:agitated
he runs by I try to clothesline him:agitated
across the neck Messer another 17 for:agitated
the attack:agitated
all right you hit okay seven he just:agitated
goes out I'm gonna hang off the edge and:calm
then just let go and drop down about ten:calm
feet we've all you guys are getting some:calm
gear here this sword is not really:calm
relevant in finishin anymore but:calm
regardless you can use it if you want to:calm
slow the bastard sword this basically:calm
it's a d-10:calm
single handed sword he has a like there:calm
should do another crime he has a clean:calm
set of four plate armor Oh:calm
you also get an item called goggles of:calm
the night you'll dark vision to a range:calm
of 60 feet that's everything that's on:calm
the Paladin now for the cleric who:calm
checks the clerics potty I just think:calm
you should see oh yeah one one woman 15:calm
gold own two men a bill of sale on the:agitated
clerics body for your wife so the cleric:agitated
has already sold my wife to Mayor Vaughn:agitated
Ross that would be the route of minutes:agitated
all he's pretty clearly the root of all:agitated
this evil yeah that is the evidence:agitated
right there on his body and if I'm not:agitated
mistaken I feel like that is the last:agitated
clue that you guys need to figure out:agitated
how to regroup with your entire family:agitated
bring them all back to safety I'm going:agitated
to go over here:agitated
and finish some unfinished business:agitated
that's a thirteen you slip a drunk ice:agitated
throat and that's the last person in the:agitated
town alive I'll be been the slave all:agitated
right yeah all right that's a pretty:agitated
metal ending all right good work guys so:agitated
