the first thing you notice when you walk:suspense
inside is it smells like shit:suspense
literally it smells like fecal matter:suspense
and blood and rot and around you you see:suspense
tables with ropes and chains as food:suspense
knives:suspense
there's a cupboard here are like a small:suspense
cabinet that has a couple like vials of:suspense
like chemicals and stuff inside of it:suspense
I'd like to do a knowledge of I guess:suspense
nature no knowledge of medicine actually:suspense
see thing identify any chemicals 20 oh:suspense
you don't know the names of it but they:suspense
are certainly ways they're chemicals:suspense
that help preserve corpses where the:suspense
line sign right yeah I look over I go:suspense
we're in the right place:suspense
I feel free white you don't say deild:suspense
say it smells like your wife may be near:suspense
you don't say that no no I don't owe you:suspense
find a bucket of hooves from like a:suspense
dozen different types of I look over I:suspense
you go don't turn to deer saying you:suspense
whatever you do don't become a deer I'm:suspense
gonna scoop my little boot I mean my big:suspense
musket I'm a bit right up around here:suspense
and just gonna take a peek around here:suspense
so you would perceive and unless the:suspense
holes generally are what's going on you:suspense
can see the door to your right and a:suspense
door to your left and a small winding:suspense
passageways let me go up I mean I got:suspense
some keys Dee you've got some keys right:suspense
they look a little different I mean I:suspense
guess just one uh put my hand on that:suspense
knob and see if it's locked:suspense
actually yeah I want to check the other:suspense
door and see with locked as well just:suspense
because we should know if it's a locked:suspense
door or not all right all right I'm:suspense
gonna go check this store I should do:suspense
that:suspense
yeah I'm done need a rolling check every:suspense
door is locked every door well I take:suspense
out the I taste a little keys that I got:suspense
I try both of them in the keyhole oh:suspense
that's funny:suspense
none of your keys work Dee okay haha:suspense
hello go hey hey Dee try these ones:suspense
let's go chance I toss you the keys your:suspense
car keys oh you guys managed to make no:suspense
noise do I which key are you trying uh:suspense
both keys oh there's a skull and I'm:suspense
gonna use the one with little:suspense
mushroom on it which what can I see what:suspense
the left one on the left that one oh and:suspense
you're at this door correct right I'm at:suspense
this door yeah that's the the mushroom:suspense
key doesn't work on that door all right:suspense
I try the skull key it works yeah nice I:suspense
got I don't work oh I go okay my door is:suspense
locked as well right:suspense
mm-hmm oh yeah yeah you you're trying:suspense
these keys or you're putting the lock:suspense
and it's kind of feeling like these:suspense
teased aren't working at all okay:suspense
doesn't have keys man bro like we leave:suspense
the door unlocked:suspense
I have the keys again right:suspense
try the mushroom I'll try the mushroom:suspense
on D even though I think this got always:suspense
gonna work:suspense
the mushroom key doesn't work i D tried:suspense
to scam you to try the skull keys I'm:suspense
trans call okay yeah you you just leave:suspense
me this time to eat all right skulky it:suspense
works:suspense
I knew the skull keys a skeleton key to:suspense
everything Master Katie it's easy to be:suspense
a master key all right okay I'm gonna:suspense
leave the door I'm slowly heal click:suspense
it's unlocked cool so we could enter it:suspense
if we wanted to great you're gonna open:suspense
that door and I peek my little eyeballs:suspense
in their hole right before he opens the:suspense
door I'm gonna draw my bow and ready it:suspense
opening all right you pop it open you:suspense
know we peek in there are you ready for:suspense
this yeah oh gosh:suspense
there's all types of people inside what:suspense
you see inside that room is there's a:suspense
big burly man in leather and in the room:suspense
there are four cages multiple people:suspense
inside each one the kenai would very:suspense
quickly find that brands boy:suspense
not alone she's in case she is with a:suspense
with another perp is another person in:suspense
that cage I mean my perception check:suspense
just to see what the guys armed with:suspense
what he's you know the mother ABC just:suspense
like probably big huge fat guy where:suspense
they wearing leather doing this for this:suspense
book probably it's literally silent it's:suspense
totally it's you you're so selfie just:suspense
open the door in the new notes reading a:suspense
book like this alright I miss I'm gonna:suspense
stealth up and slice of that fro I'm:suspense
gonna use them he's a great sword and:suspense
I'm just gonna right there he's he's:suspense
done attack him advantage go for it for:suspense
money no worries I got a 15 hit him hit:agitated
him:agitated
cool he's getting his he's getting next:agitated
sliced it to the jugular with a hit:agitated
for a depth of wound is 10 the depth of:agitated
10 he shrinks slices across him and:agitated
everyone rolls an issue 16 10 8 uh he:agitated
will roll the nati 20 she turns around:agitated
looks at you he freaks out what he does:agitated
he flips to a very specific page in his:agitated
book and starts casting a spell at you:agitated
up here 9 and 17 all right the spell:agitated
doesn't affect you nothing happens:agitated
weird it's a spell sleep it affects:agitated
depending on how many hit points you:agitated
have I think it's your turn okay I'm:agitated
gonna step up into the room right here:agitated
and I'm gonna shoot an arrow right into:agitated
the guy so walk through doors like all:agitated
right go for it uh 19 it's with the bow:agitated
it's already hurt:agitated
eleven points of damage:agitated
oh snap she's totally him nico's return:agitated
cool I - I'm going to move to a point:agitated
where I can see him take my wooden club:agitated
again and cash shillelagh on it I'm here:agitated
to do that:agitated
yeah only last for a minute okay you did:agitated
it nice all right and it so I'm actually:agitated
move up to strike and range I'm gonna:agitated
give him up I'm gonna give him another:agitated
week heave-ho with my old sword all:agitated
right 1623 3/8 damage a damage stinging:agitated
Vegas like nice he is pretty jacked up:agitated
and so in response what he does it takes:agitated
a five-foot step like this aiming at you:agitated
and yo any onu is specifically youtube:agitated
and takes a look at this cool big book:agitated
just like this and he's like this tear:agitated
starts casting a spell at you guys and:agitated
you guys need to make a DC 14 strength:agitated
checks both of you guys:agitated
16-7 yeah so 1416 all right basically:agitated
Genk does the wind blows through you:agitated
nothing happens:agitated
I know it's spell Oh how didn't need:agitated
knowledge or huh that one sorry does my:agitated
hair look nicer afterwards:agitated
yeah helmet hair look how great and he's:agitated
just like oh shit he looked at me he's:agitated
like this DM yo-yo Gilda's hands up like:agitated
this and drops the book on the ground:agitated
Oh interesting he's just like I slowly:agitated
there's a door behind us yeah whose turn:agitated
is it up neck is the next well I guess I:agitated
can strike alright you can make you can:agitated
exit initiative here easily I look at:agitated
you guys go question him all right I'm:suspense
gonna walk up I say on my club like:suspense
ready to go he's all ban but he's pretty:suspense
bloody he's like that bottle I'm gonna:suspense
I'm really pull him we should pull it:suspense
book away from Matilda you all right:suspense
her eyes open she's like shivering:suspense
crying oh I'm saying oh drawn to him:suspense
he's not gonna do shit:suspense
so go ahead I'm gonna go check okay no I:suspense
got my club spell here's my I got my:suspense
clubs spell your good speedy go no gives:suspense
a fuck about your club spells in wine:suspense
history with his wife is there dying on:suspense
the floor the whole purpose of us being:suspense
here I'm dying I'm real checking:suspense
weekend's Wiley's I'm gonna tell him lay:suspense
on the ground face down my aim I bow at:suspense
his face good call he got that knowledge:suspense
of medicine brands wife Matilda that is:suspense
a 25 uh she's jacked up she's paralyzed:suspense
with fear she's jacked up first of all I:suspense
think Jackson isn't like whipped jacked:suspense
up as an starved uh both both whipped:suspense
and starved oh what a my god I'm glad:suspense
enlist list more symptoms she's been uh:suspense
brutalized what she need to be feel:suspense
better what she needed me feel better:suspense
nothing's ever feel better Matilda do:suspense
you did this man hurt you this wizard:suspense
and she's like this:suspense
it was the bear dude perception the:suspense
mayor she lying:suspense
Matilda would you lie to me in a:suspense
situation I could fail think that's a 77:suspense
nevermind I don't feel I get a set you:suspense
can Stockton courses are like okay I:suspense
walk up and I put my foot on the guy:suspense
who's lying on the ground his head I put:suspense
my bow and arrow and it points straight:suspense
down the top of side I go where is the:suspense
mayor:suspense
Errol he's in the front the the dinner:suspense
describe him describe what it looks like:suspense
to me right now:suspense
he's got long white hair and long white:suspense
hair and a long brown jacket okay I told:suspense
uh who hurts you no one no no that none:suspense
of the men at me but the animals next:suspense
door did so he can't get some her spells:suspense
I'm gonna loose narrowing into the top:agitated
of his head please invite a welcome well:agitated
actually 18 yeah that's a hit:agitated
run a fight on banjo virus lon:agitated
whoops oopsies six-day missions had:agitated
executed:agitated
he's just executes the guide point like:agitated
a nice put what my foot stolen is how:agitated
Jane gripped the arrow out suddenly they:agitated
all take a breath you notice that when:agitated
he died they like start like acting a:suspense
little less weird they all start like:suspense
snapping out of it a little bit:suspense
the wife's magical like I lied I lied:suspense
calling it you got the spell it's it's:suspense
called charm they're all under a charm:suspense
spell by him and they were like oh it:suspense
was doing it oh honey ah told it hold it:suspense
alright look a little sheepish because I:suspense
was totally fooled didn't expect that:suspense
the whole time I didn't told it at all I:suspense
didn't told that I didn't hold that gum:suspense
calm down everything's fine now slaves:suspense
the lizard bulk on one end early I go:suspense
especially you with your folks:suspense
calm down and this old lady wakes up:suspense
she's asleep:suspense
shiny I'm gonna use oh my god she passes:suspense
away from like excitement so happy she:suspense
he imagines her freedom and dies this:suspense
guy in the corner is straight dead I:suspense
just the end this guy so you got a limit:suspense
yeah Chengdu shut up extra loud and:suspense
don't you gotta be quiet for what 30:suspense
seconds shut your mouth we don't have:suspense
time or anywhere to put them you wait:suspense
here the 30 seconds is up:suspense
ah you gotta let me I'm every chance:suspense
please I'll do anything else laughing I:suspense
miss laughing gimme sort I'm a fighter:suspense
my buddy's side okay really perception:suspense
to see to size them of us as a warrior:suspense
fight is a perception a one i'll Perseus:suspense
honestly this guy looks like you kick:suspense
some serious ass yeah I like to actuate:suspense
all seriousness you guys 15 percent to:suspense
use 100m an ass-kicker 15 pretty goes a:suspense
little more doubtful that but you:suspense
literally like we got to bring him along:suspense
guys it you seagulls obviously guys this:suspense
guy is like you imagine like this you:suspense
set him in the room he coconuts he:suspense
screams okay back out like rain like a:suspense
little commuters people out he takes his:suspense
pants off and everyone like he gets:suspense
naked and like everybody paralyzed with:suspense
fear he's that kind of fighter that what:suspense
it was like don't leave me in here:suspense
please don't leave me:suspense
hey Sam I'm gonna just do a search of:suspense
that Wizards body great you found a key:suspense
that opens the cell to a lot Mattila:suspense
nailed it:suspense
gave her the bastard sort so she's:suspense
actually holding it like in the real:suspense
manager okay she is camera master sword:suspense
plus I'm getting Matilda lucky she gave:suspense
to me:suspense
I'm not forgive me no I'm I'm a Dumbo:suspense
Thank You D Thank You brave Gary Gary oh:suspense
you guys get to kill everybody all right:suspense
my Giroud guys not too strong so I gotta:suspense
how did you feel like in that Club:suspense
little pinchy neck it once in a while:suspense
you're here one man in the room I:suspense
promise I'll let you swing your club:suspense
it's yeah Mitchell oh you give me the:suspense
first one in if you want meto Allah says:suspense
you have to kill them all nokey you:suspense
really have to use a club spell if:suspense
anyone has ever deserved that Club spell:suspense
I know you've never used it before but:suspense
just wait you know you don't know what:suspense
you're capable of but I music alums just:suspense
a fancy I don't I know:suspense
oh god that's so funny:suspense
lock that door no casino okay door opens:suspense
I don't need to know nothing all right:suspense
pretty good at killing things and then:suspense
they cloak would close the door behind:suspense
us cool beat you around the Cronus we're:suspense
gonna see anything perception check:suspense
bitch corner we talk corner to my left:suspense
you got resistance for one minute if:suspense
you're out of saving through roll of:suspense
your choice can you throw it on d4:suspense
Brandon what do you get the same thing:suspense
you'll be able to throw in a d4 and add:suspense
that to your saving throw you do it:suspense
after you roll your D 20 okay okay suite:suspense
for traps poisons so no key put his:suspense
hands on us while you're away yeah you:suspense
bet I was touching you guys okay yeah:suspense
girl touch this up good:suspense
it is totally non romantic it was like:suspense
this sure that's completely professional:suspense
completely I'm not politely nice I say:suspense
hey no Keith it's gonna shake is rough:suspense
in here I want to see at least one point:suspense
of damage dealt some yes winners club:suspense
all right I look over swing that baby:suspense
for the fences okay I whip my vise club:suspense
and I cash like hell yeah you're gonna:suspense
give up that's really gal who's bump:suspense
that up we go whoo just thinking that:suspense
door is it first off is it locked:suspense
perception uh I don't know yeah it's:suspense
lost skeleton key unlocks it sells the:suspense
key all right click click to it doors:suspense
unlocked put the ramp the open the door:suspense
uh yeah creaky it open Oh who's opening:suspense
it:suspense
I am are you still into that cell phone:suspense
uh no I stopped concentrating on that a:suspense
while ago so I suppose going on the:suspense
stealth roll huh LT bad 17:suspense
oh she what are those things:suspense
the door opens and it's silent you hear:suspense
this you see this large six leg fly like:suspense
beasts like circling just I can't stop:suspense
moving it's just like constantly:suspense
spinning in circles it's humongous by:suspense
the way but it's in caged it's trapped:suspense
in it's a beast and the other side here:suspense
you just see this thing just breathing:suspense
it's just a beast:suspense
it's clearly it's white it's like almost:suspense
like a troll it's some sort of beast:suspense
something captured from the depths of:suspense
the wilderness and brought back here:suspense
a monster also known as monster to those:suspense
who don't know exactly two days I'll:suspense
roll to find out what it is 1414 to:suspense
identify these animals yeah all right 14:suspense
did a nut you have no idea what that is:suspense
I'm gonna move right into here and I'm:suspense
just just enough to get this door open:suspense
to the left so I'm just gonna slowly:suspense
just like steadily this peak around this:suspense
corner see if this make sure we check:suspense
you know check right and I'm looking on:suspense
the star to check left here I'm stuck my:suspense
bottom my feet are really wide Oh what:suspense
do you know you peek around that corner:suspense
and you see another guy like this with:suspense
the book who sees you because geez:agitated
thanks casts a spell at you everyone:agitated
Rose initiative he heard you guys come:agitated
in hey:agitated
oh no 21:11 uh he had a ready to action:agitated
here do you guys coming um so cast this:agitated
cool spell called gusty wind:agitated
he is looks very similar to the other:agitated
guy they're both guards clearly trying:agitated
to keep things in and out and:agitated
controlling things this guy is clearly:agitated
more animal oriented anyways DC 14:agitated
strength check for us you get that crack:agitated
TZ 14 string check yeah so you get man:agitated
ten you cast a spell channel and it:agitated
knocks you back into the wall here all:agitated
the way back here and with his other:agitated
hand he closed the door shut in it:agitated
blocks who has the keys for this room:agitated
are you III thought that Oscar but I:agitated
wasn't sure so you let me do like a deck:agitated
save or something so that is its closing:agitated
I can make it out okay my foot out like:agitated
stop the door block yeah let's do that:agitated
okay cool:agitated
next save that shitty see basically this:agitated
is 15 okay not a good one okay it:agitated
happens you know failing you see if:agitated
you're exposing your on up to find:agitated
catchin it just locks right before you:agitated
touch it alright your turn:agitated
looks like it's mano a mano here 400:agitated
Brandon oh you see dead bodies and stuff:agitated
with body parts that they've been:agitated
feeding to these animals:agitated
obviously slaves I'm raging out I'm:agitated
charged on generation nice boom and I'm:agitated
going to attack him does a 17 hit yep:agitated
and I do 19 damage yeah 19 damage hold:agitated
shit:agitated
doot-doot-doot man he bloodied already:agitated
you just completely decimated him Jesus:agitated
Christ um and it is your turn okay so:agitated
don't get your that frickin Club spill:agitated
again just just passed her uh pick a:agitated
lock it's okay friends can take care of:agitated
him we open the doors faster do we here:agitated
we here let me get the door my club as:agitated
hard as I can okay I back away left good:agitated
alright you think it's funny no jeez:agitated
pretty pissed right now we just had a:agitated
pep talk about the code use again like:agitated
oh this is God alright I hit the door:agitated
with my club this is a 23 hit you doing:agitated
obviously a 23 hits is non-moving:agitated
beautiful wood does the traitor he hit:agitated
the club I do:agitated
11 points of damage nice BAM you knock a:agitated
big chunk of wood out of that door:agitated
with your club Christine this little guy:agitated
sir what happens is you see he pulls out:agitated
his own pair of keys it looks like this:agitated
it holds it up and he backs away and:agitated
turned towards this monster here he goes:agitated
up to the door for the monster and gets:agitated
an opportunity attack from you can:agitated
attack him he's back on the ski and he's:agitated
gonna put it in the keyhole all right:agitated
I'm going to attack him there's a 20 yes:agitated
yeah and then I'm going to hit him for:agitated
seven plus 5/12 finish well oh no 14 -:agitated
he drops the key I was already goes on:agitated
the ground no what will that weapon or:agitated
anything alright I'm going to grab the:agitated
book and pull it away from good grab him:agitated
that's all right strength:agitated
I'm grabbing them with a 19 yeah you got:agitated
him okay I gotta move he's like you:agitated
can't move:agitated
got him can't move it all okay can I:agitated
pull them back to this door and unlock:agitated
it for my friends uh yeah you can even:suspense
move and I'm gonna say guys like hey:suspense
he's like this guy's head lively over:suspense
the door I'm gonna say alright okay:suspense
remember that Club no key uh-huh when I:suspense
heard you knocking on the door it:suspense
inspired me and I'm and I've did some:suspense
heroic shit in here that I don't have:suspense
time to explain right now:suspense
well that what I did don't use that club:suspense
again right now because I think this guy:suspense
just like our slave friends back there:suspense
might be necessarily why else will they:suspense
leave a guy here with these monsters we:suspense
want these monsters home and sayd right:suspense
now:suspense
so that's why I haven't killed this guy:suspense
yet okay hey I'm gonna try something:suspense
let me try to speak to these monsters:suspense
who speak to those monsters yeah when I:suspense
step into the room and I'm gonna cast:suspense
speak with animals cut your casting:suspense
speak with animals alright so what I:suspense
want you to do is say what you're going:suspense
to say to them in the voice of an animal:suspense
okay:suspense
you're cussing speak with animals so say:suspense
it in the voice at the NAMM to them:suspense
alright I don't need to know exactly:suspense
what you're saying but I want to hear:suspense
what it sounds like:suspense
alright children on the one:suspense
and what happens is it listens to you:suspense
and acrylic and it's not speaking bug:suspense
it's speaking some other that's speaking:suspense
a language to you and it is confused as:suspense
hell like you're making weird bug noises:suspense
at it so it's not ma'am good it is not:suspense
an animal I say neither the one the:suspense
right looks like it speaks to Queen's:suspense
English turn on the right and I go uh:suspense
this one's eyes this one's eyes this:suspense
one's eyes are like rapidly donning:suspense
darting between you everyone it's like:suspense
just like so quickly like just analyzing:suspense
and looking at everything as fast as it:suspense
can:suspense
the sounds you made are Amega bleah what:suspense
everything everyone in the room heard is:suspense
there not an imposter go what else we:suspense
know we don't know the difference you:suspense
know Yami sounds like this yeah return:suspense
back home be like do any of you speak:suspense
common and the this this quag off kind:suspense
of looks at you and kind of like like:suspense
half understands what you're saying it:suspense
gets like bits and pieces of those words:suspense
and then the other one this other bug:suspense
thing looks at you too and it's weighted:suspense
I look over at the guy who's in a:suspense
stranglehold by a brand and I go what:suspense
the hell is that thing and I pointed the:suspense
fence with the big bug thing inside of:suspense
it I slap him real quick with a back of:suspense
my hand what is that thing I loosen up:suspense
my biceps which are not even fatigued at:suspense
all right now:suspense
just a little bit so he clearly could:suspense
you know he could he could answer okay:suspense
at this point I bulge from a 32-inch:suspense
bicep down to 28 32 inch bicep Jesus:suspense
Jesus he's seen the damage the damage:suspense
I've been drawn to when out there that's:suspense
the size pants I wear as little to love:suspense
you a little bit really long like at my:suspense
arm actually sometimes we're third:suspense
once my arms are kind of is really:suspense
skinny slender man yeah compared to what:suspense
they know yeah two Asian dudes on either:suspense
side of your your body you don't want to:suspense
be dealing damage damage yeah all right:suspense
well he goes to warning like this to:suspense
this one he was like this one is quite:suspense
off and this one is I don't know how to:suspense
pronounce it:suspense
it's like kala veyts it's a casmi it's a:suspense
cat's knee there are these underground:suspense
bug things that we found one in a mind:suspense
and we're able to capture it and brought:suspense
it back here are you circumcised no well:suspense
you're about to me I walk haha I walk:suspense
him I walk him up to here take his:suspense
little ding-a-ling right through the:suspense
case usually whip his pants down and:suspense
push his body again all right all right:suspense
wait wait he's going to attempt to break:agitated
three roll me into one more strength:agitated
check as you're pushing him up all right:agitated
natty 2020 oh you push them right in:agitated
there is a dick posture Alec into the:agitated
corner and basically what happens it's:agitated
sticking between the bars and this the:agitated
quay got just goes at it and picks his:agitated
claws and goes and just like gore's him:agitated
oh there's plenty of it ah ah:agitated
and we hold how many points of damage to:agitated
deal him he dies haha he's ideal I just:agitated
like believe that he's are like limp:agitated
there I'm astounded by what just:agitated
happened I look back to be okie and I:agitated
say scrumptious the kaznia suits gone:agitated
it wants a piece liking it is like it's:suspense
almost like college it's like it's just:suspense
like insect laughter time it's it's:suspense
super loud wait wait was the quay bot:suspense
doing how does it feel about what just:suspense
happen it's just like looming it's like:suspense
waiting for something else to come he's:suspense
waiting for now look at our Channel I:suspense
may have screwed up my whole like:suspense
calming thing I mean I was trying to do:suspense
here guys it's okay they're in a:suspense
different ages they're in cages so in:suspense
cages I was gonna suggest that we like:suspense
Tremec steel with him but he's thinking:suspense
way too dangerous and I think they could:suspense
take:suspense
one of us doesn't seem like we should:suspense
mess with these things maybe we should:suspense
you may hear a voice in your mind 6nu:suspense
here let me go my mind:suspense
the cast means looking straight at you:suspense
oh I I walk I walk slowly up to it we:suspense
open both pages simultaneous in the:suspense
router room I mean we have any like:suspense
string or anything I don't know I only:suspense
to bring something up I'm like we could:suspense
all hang on there by the wing in this:suspense
boogie over here and I serve until she:suspense
finishes going down you know I walk up:suspense
to this cage D stop and I know I just:suspense
look at him are you like the rest are:suspense
you like the rest of them no Barbara:suspense
Berenson what do you mean by that the:suspense
rest of the humans you look like one how:suspense
about you right now:suspense
I look over you both I'm very I'm sorry:suspense
is anything these are anything going on:suspense
right now we should know about going:suspense
deep write a response on here:suspense
yeah there's two options one option we:suspense
go through the rest of this house and:suspense
kill every other person by handy other:suspense
option we let the beasts out and rampage:suspense
through the house but then there's no:suspense
telling whether or not the mayor will:suspense
get away I'd rather do it ourselves:suspense
you're you hear this voice in your mind:suspense
oh I look at the bug as he says this to:suspense
me and I go your tricks won't work on me:suspense
man do young one:suspense
I'm gonna get my favorite one right now:suspense
and hear that voice in mind I'm very:suspense
confused by what this creature is:suspense
cautiously will get it and then I turn:suspense
around and run along it explodes an:suspense
anger as you start turning around and so:suspense
it's like shaking the bars as hard as it:suspense
can adjust like making the loudest:suspense
racket the Middle's rattling and it's:suspense
just like sitting there and it's telling:suspense
you the same as repeating nemesis is the:suspense
cage holding yes it is okay let's go:suspense
let's go let's go huh scout scout:suspense
and come through this door store lock:suspense
this unlock that sucker and I'm back:suspense
here I'm gonna say guys was that was:suspense
that bug whispering in your mind as well:suspense
yeah that bug was definitely whispers:suspense
was my mind he seemed like pure evil I:suspense
need to go that business:suspense
he was really creeping me out wait wait:suspense
what did that bug tell you he told me:suspense
that Darien was going to try to kill me:suspense
he told me else of the bug was gonna try:suspense
and I Darien I forget to say it but I I:suspense
believe in the moment there I believed:suspense
him 100% where I was gonna try to kill:suspense
you it's what he told me the bug was:suspense
lying to us he was trying to deceive us:suspense
I don't know why he told me that he:suspense
would show me where the treasure lies:suspense
that's he asked if I was like other men:suspense
other humans yeah cared about treasure:suspense
and gold and we do:suspense
I don't we got the biggest treasure:suspense
which is the friendship friendship you:suspense
don't you just got an inspiration point:suspense
yeah:suspense
we're not carrying left the treasure I:suspense
cared about the treasure a little bit:suspense
haha I do:suspense
all right inspiration boys my first:suspense
inspiration we can get your wife back:suspense
and get epic loot for damages let's:suspense
continue it's like the halls American:suspense
thing in the world:suspense
13 points damage:suspense
ouch I'm due hog ball healthier as hard:suspense
as he can:suspense
I'm just not gonna clean nor this guy:suspense
hop over the wall step here guys you:suspense
guys see we can come along this hunger:suspense
